I want to see the president of the Shure Group
A pair of adulterers and prostitutes dare to frame the Emgrand Group
This is by Liu Te
It is indeed the special work of the president of the Shure Group
Could it be that they really have that kind of relationship?
Ladies and gentlemen, I do have a very close relationship with Miss Lin
But okay.
Admitted
I want to see the president of the Shure Group now
Are you sure?
I'm going in front of the president of the Shure Group
Expose your conspiracy
president
This Mr. Chen on stage
He wants to see you.
How is that possible?
It turned out that the Shulsi regiment
Also Mr. Kobayashi
This Kobayashi is really hidden
It's impossible for you to find me.
Linmer and I have been in a hurry for 6 years
I don't know anything about that.
Can't imagine
Shure Group belongs to my uncle Lin